[ Indistinct conversations ]
Hey, why's everybody
picking on Jason?
We don't want your kind here.
- Go home.
- Not my president.
Turns out
non-naturalized citizens
can't hold
student government positions.
- What?
- Yeah.
Becky cosgrove did some digging,
had him impeached.
That's outrageous.
Just because
they're not born here
doesn't mean
they don't contribute.
Dude, Jason's Canadian.
- Oh, really? Gross.
- Right?
Hey, Jason,
tough luck, buddy.
Bummer, kiddo.
I guess i just got to take
this one on the chin, eh?
- There you go.
- Dirty Canadian.
- Oh, whoa, whoa!
- Whoa, fairbell.
What, i thought
that's what we were doing.
God.
Well, open his bag up.
- See what he's got.
Yeah.
Nothing but a bunch
of thank you notes.
They're so polite.
**
* we ain't wasting my time
* i ain't here for you
* I'm just putting in work
* till my day is through
8, 9, 10.
And you will marry
the varsity quarterback
and live in a castle.
- Whoa!
Jackpot.
I'll take that.
Do, doodle-oo, do, do!
[ Laughs ]
Sorry to interrupt you guys.
I know you're all busy crafting
your lesson plans for the week.
[ Laughter ]
I'll take what i can get.
Okay.
Now, as you know,
we have a sudden vacancy
in the student presidency,
and so far,
only one student has signed up
to run against Becky cosgrove.
And it's one of our school's
invisible kids.
You know these kids...
They slip through the cracks.
They never get the chance
to really realize
their full potent... fairbell,
i know you're looking
for a ghost.
It's not a ghost.
It's a real person.
It's Richard Cooper, okay?
He's a great student,
but he's a shy kid,
and without help, he will get
crushed by Becky cosgrove.
All right, Quinn.
I get where you're getting at,
and I'll do it.
Loren, what do you say?
Sound good?
What?
Why him?
He's a Spanish teacher.
We need a cool guy and he is
the coolest guy in here.
What about future's
so bright over there?
He's pretty cool.
Rod went out with his
army buddies last night,
got a little food poisoning
from some wild Turkey.
Always cook your poultry.
Make sure it's cooked, okay?
Loren, i came to you with this
because you are
the... Man.
P-p-p-pew.
Fine, whatever.
I'll do it.
- [ Laughs ]
- All right, whatever.
Nice apathy, loren.
It's student government, Abbey.
Who cares?
Student government is the
gateway drug to real government.
What's the one thing
all kids really love?
- Vaping.
- [Bleep]
- Origami?
- Arguing.
Arguing, and so let's
let them argue
in a rough-and-tumble
debate.
I'll moderate.
- Kids do love vaping.
Abbey, debating can be
so, uhhh, confrontational.
It'll be educational.
Let's vote.
We'll do it eighth period
so you guys don't have
to have a class.
- Yeah, no, I'll do that.
- Yeah.
Well, i would stand here
and debate you
on why having a debate
is a bad idea,
but I'm not a hypocrite, okay?
Someone prop him up against
the vending machine, please.
**
This kid just wrote
Barcelona soccer players.
- Flip it over, fairbell.
- This is a grammar test.
- I've done this before.
- M-Mr. Payton.
Richard Cooper.
Um, i, uh, you're gonna
mentor me in the election.
Oh, right... Richard.
Yeah.
Uh, listen,
I'm a firm believer
in the hands-off method
of mentoring,
so do whatever
you were planning on doing
and then, um, we'll just take
a few photos on election day.
- All right?
- Hey, Richard.
I heard you were running
against me for class president.
You're joking, right?
Uh, is this your campaign team?
Oh, my god, pepé le pew,
a rage addict,
and the school idiot.
I'm not a rage addict.
Well, losers attract losers.
You'd be better off
on your own, Richard.
I'll try not
to embarrass you too badly.
I should just quit now.
Oh, no, you're not.
That future Nancy grace segment
just earned you
a dream team, bitch.
Yeah, i was gonna phone this in,
but I'll be damned
if I'll let Becky
make an ass out of me.
You guys on board?
- I am now.
- What are we doing?
First things first, we're gonna
create a whole new you.
I'm gonna turn you into
a campaigning machine, bud.
And I'm gonna turn this body
into this body.
I'm gonna create
a whole new aesthetic.
If high school movies
have taught me anything,
it all starts with this.
* get ready
* for a brand-new you
* makeover
you're gonna love this, dude.
You're just
a little drowsy still.
Just keep it straight.
Keep coming straight.
Oh, hey, allow me.
I love this place.
[ Horn honks ]
[ Crash ]
* your social status
is alarming *
watch me, all right?
* you need to improve
hey, how are you?
Thank you so much
for coming out.
* you've got to make
yourself more charming *
uh-oh.
* you got to be smooth
now you try.
* nobody said it would be easy
don't go down on that dummy.
* work it, got to work it
[ Grunt, chuckles, groans ]
Watch and learn.
* you got to work it, yeah oof!
So, you can see
this mountain lion
goes up to the back porch,
like totally...
* you're lookin' good now
yeah, yeah,
looks great, dude.
Looks really good.
* just like you should, now
take a right.
Oh, yeah.
* you knew you could now
come on, Richard!
Oh, yes!
* ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah
yes!
* get ready
for a brand-new you *
hmm.
* makeover
- can you see us?
- Hey.
Loren:
Yeah, looks good, right.
Technically, we could've taken
the gauze off two days ago,
but we felt that would've ruined
the surprise.
Go look at yourself.
Come on.
- It's the new you.
- There he is.
- Ooh.
- You look good.
Yeah.
* diamonds on my wrist
* homie, diamonds on my neck
* got... got...
Got diamonds on my wrist *
* homie, diamonds on my neck
* got... got...
Got diamonds on my wrist *
* homie, diamonds on my neck
loren:
Our boy looks good, right?
Yeah, he looks great.
- Vote for rich.
- Look at that.
It's politics in action.
Bringing out the best in people.
[ Laughter ]
- Here we go!
- Here we go, my man.
Might want to dial it back
a little bit, okay?
Yeah, because politics
is all about
dialing it back a little bit.
[ Laughs ]
- Ooh, you tell him, rich!
Mwah! Mwah! Mwah!
It's your fifth year here,
Eddie.
Nobody's impressed.
Oh, hello, Abbey.
I, uh, didn't realize
it was already 10:45.
I guess tying flies
when you're having fun.
Have you been waiting
a long time to say that?
He said that
three times already.
Okay, thanks, Tammy.
I got it from here.
Abbey, i just wanted
to have a quick little chit chat
with you about
your upcoming debate.
Oh, it's gonna be
a real bloodbath.
Or why not make it about fun?
This is a great opportunity to
show kids the political process.
Why are you being such
a chicken [Bleep] about it.
Whoa, okay.
Let's tone down
the beltway language.
How about it?
Debates lead to chaos.
I'm a bigger fan of elections
that lead to good vibes.
Well, maybe that's
why no political figures
have ever come
out of our school.
Well...
Someone is forgetting about
city comptroller Theresa Ortega.
Well, maybe it's time
for you to kick these birds
out of the nest
and let them fly.
Well, maybe i don't want to see
dead birds all over the ground.
Well, I'm tired
of hearing this [Bleep]
Okay, Tammy, that's enough.
Look, Abbey, please do not make
your debate about conflict.
Conflict is sort of the key
ingredient at any debate,
so i will be bringing it.
Enjoy the show.
Well, i guess i will if you...
Lure me there.
Boy, put that fly down!
[ School bell rings ]
All right.
Tomorrow, we'll continue our
conversation about why jfk
is not Internet speak
for just f'ing kidding.
Bad news, shoemaker.
We are getting hammered
in the polls.
Last place.
- What happened?
- That means second.
- Third.
We're still trailing the
write-in vote for
Peyton Manning.
Whatever.
I'm having fun.
Politics isn't about fun.
That's why presidents age
in dog years.
Obama came in Denzel
and he's leaving Morgan Freeman.
[ Knocking ]
- I just heard a knock.
- Thank you, fairbell.
Oh, look,
one of Becky's harpies.
Get out.
- A present.
"Good luck at the debate.
Becky."
Gloating.
I can't even eat these.
I'm allergic to peanuts.
How am i just finding out
about this?!
We have to switch hats
to security.
This is clearly an attack.
You think Becky did this
on purpose?
No, no, i think
it's purely coincidence
that you happen to be
deathly allergic to nuts
and she sends you nut cookies.
Well, not deathly allergic.
I just get phlegmy
and, you know, flushed.
Yeah, no one cares.
I'll tell you
who is deadly allergic.
Me.
I so much as breathe nut dust,
all systems shut down.
So, what were to happen if you
just put a couple of nuts
in your mouth?
[ Scoffs ]
Honestly, nuts anywhere around
my face... trouble time.
What about just licking nuts?
Are you kidding? That's how
i discovered my allergy.
Nut-licking.
I was just licking
and licking and licking.
Sometimes just sucking.
My mom was like,
"enough nuts in your room."
I was like, "I'm a grown up.
I can keep them in here
if i want."
- I could do this all day.
- Yeah.
But in order
to win this election,
we're gonna have to tear
Becky cosgrove down.
I'm gonna get my hands dirty.
I think I'm gonna stick around
and milk this a bit.
Yeah, dude.
Have fun.
Okay, you're at a truck stop,
all right?
[ Scoffs ] Nut city.
**
All right, Tammy, I'm just gonna
lay this out for you, okay?
I don't like you,
and i don't like you,
but unfortunately,
i need your help,
so maybe there's a way
we could both benefit.
Check that out...
Five big ones.
It's a lot of flamin' hot
cheetos, isn't it?
And they could all be yours
if you just give me the file
for Becky cosgrove.
What do you say?
Loren, if you were on fire,
I'd bring marshmallows.
Yeah, i have no doubt you'd find
a way to make a meal out of it.
You know,
i could just take that file.
[ Laughs ]
Well... You could try.
Little bitch!
Tammy?
Billy: Fairbell.
It's 100 degrees outside.
Stranger pulls up,
you get in for the a/c.
No big deal, right?
You look down,
nuts are in his lap.
What's your reaction?
Andy: I might touch his nuts
just to be polite,
but definitely wash
my hands afterward.
Like, "thank you for this favor.
I'm not gonna put my mouth
all over them.
Just quick grab and then
please let me off
at the next rest stop."
Hey, hey, cut the chatter.
Someone's giving golden dragon
a food item.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
easy there, cake boss.
I'll handle this.
Fairbell.
Nut check.
Uh, oh, what if these
have nuts in them?
A real secret service agent
would take a bullet
for his president.
Now, you swore an oath.
I did swear that oath.
Just maybe take a corner
of a piece of that.
Or the entire thing.
- [ Wheezes ]
- Well?
[ Straining ]
Nut city.
Look at that.
Get into your oven
and you just start...
Fairbell, enough...
And you just start baking
all Willy nilly.
You think you can do
whatever you want,
but you almost took out
the greatest leader
of your generation.
I do not want to play
right now, fairbell.
He needs an epipen.
I guess
we shouldn't let him die.
Tell me how this happened again.
I told you...
I walked into a door.
Yeah, doors can be tricky.
I'm gonna write you
a prescription for oxy.
One for you and one for me.
- Thanks, Dr. Greene.
You don't happen to have
Becky cosgrove's
medical file, do you?
Mind if i take a quick peak?
[ Chuckles ]
Come on, loren.
You know sharing students'
medical information is illegal.
Illegal?
Like giving human growth hormone
to pro baseball players?
Hey, i made baseball
watchable, okay?
Every [Bleep] damn team
in that league was using me.
Who do you think got rid
of bud selig's crow's feet?
You got it.
- You did.
- This guy right here.
And then
when the heat came down,
they threw me out
like a prom baby.
- Hey, doc.
- Like a prom baby!
Hey, dumbo here got
into the peanuts,
and apparently he's allergic.
Good news is he's still blinking
to communicate, though.
Okay, yeah,
that is not good news.
- Uh...
- Stay with us.
Epinephrine.
- Oh, look at that.
- Mm-hmm.
Hey, how does one go about
using one of those?
Oh, it's really easy.
You just pop
the top off and then...
Hey, why don't you do it?
I-i mean, i wouldn't even know
where to... so, just, uh...
It's a stab, yeah.
But... but
an aggressive one like...
Whoa!
Yeah.
- [ Chuckles ]
- Yep.
Whoo.
That's oddly cathartic.
Maybe i should grab a few more
of these for the road.
Okay, yeah...
All of them.
I just touched a light.
That's...
That's not the door.
**
You working on the big debate?
Whole school's buzzing about it.
Look at rod.
Actually, rod's more wheezing
than buzzing.
You're really leading off
with a benghazi question?
Do you think
they're gonna know that?
Is there something
that i can help you with, loren?
There is something
i can help you with.
There's 5 bucks.
Buys a lot of red vines,
doesn't it?
Hmm.
So, why don't you go find a tree
to drag a deer into
and I'll keep an eye
on your little debate questions
while you're gone.
What do you say?
Oh, it's so damp.
No.
Well, can i at least have
my $5 back, then?
No.
Okay, Mr. Payton,
you got five minutes.
I got a story deadline.
- Chen, glad i found you.
Hope you're wearing a lead vest
under that aeropostale hoodie,
'cause I'm about to drop a
nuclear bomb on this election.
Give me something juicy.
What do you have?
Good stuff here.
Turns out Becky cosgrove has
been driving in the hpv Lane.
And?
What do you mean and?
You're telling me
a student at smoot has hpv.
Yeah, Becky cosgrove.
Let me show you her file, dude.
It's disgusting.
It's like...
- [ Stammers ]
News flash...
Everybody has hpv.
Okay, everybody
in this library's got hpv.
I've got hpv three times.
How's that even work, chen?
Get yourself checked.
Call me when she has syphilis.
I'm sorry, chen.
I thought i was talking
to a tabloid mastermind,
not the student editor
of a stupid school newspaper.
There you go.
**
Well, latest polls are in, and
we are neck and neck with Becky.
Looks like my little
pap smear campaign worked.
Wait, you did this?
I know it's always a bit jarring
to see how the sausage is made,
but trust me,
everybody does this.
Fdr, Gandhi,
city comptroller Theresa Ortega.
Oh, i don't give a [Bleep]
screw Becky.
- Wow, let's go for the jugular.
- Okay.
I didn't get my eyes lasiked
by a Chinese line cook
to lose to some
bottle blonde with hpv.
I think someone is ready.
Yeah, maybe a little too ready.
Hey, did you guys read
that Becky has huvpuv [Hpv]?
- Get out, fairbell.
- Just go, dude.
What are you even contributing
at this point?
I swore an oath
to protect Richard.
Go get us all waters.
**
You can't go in.
No visitors.
- Did somebody hit you?
- [ Scoffs ]
No, i ran into a door
with a hand on it.
Richard did this?
Yeah, but i was
being super annoying.
Let me handle this.
Please,
don't tell him i let you in.
I think
he's gonna figure it out.
Oh.
Listen, Richard, we've all
wanted to slap coach fairbell,
but we...
Hey, i don't think
you're allowed to smoke in here,
or at all.
You know, I'm actually, uh,
less worried about that
and more worried about
you getting me
a java chip frappuccino.
Think you can handle that,
chief?
Dude, did you just flick
a cigarette at me?
Yes.
All right, dude, we're going
to the principal's office
right now.
Take me to Quinn's office,
because I'm sure
he'd love to know
how this sausage was made.
We didn't make sausage,
we made a dick.
Look at you.
Eagle 1 to...
Robot shark.
- Roger and alert.
- Dude.
Yeah, we got a problem child
in the bullpen right now.
Subject's about 5'9", bearded,
pasty, and unattractive.
I think loren's attractive.
- Fairbell.
- Yes, sir.
Nut check.
Oh, that one's actually shaped
just like a nut, so...
Just check.
I thought you said
you're not even that allergic.
- I'm not.
- [ Wheezing ]
Again with the wheezing.
Oh my.
It's time.
[ Wheezing ]
Miss cosgrove,
the smoot point reported
that you are against
same-sex dances. Is that true?
Billy: God, i didn't realize
debates took this long.
I can't believe
that little [Bleep]
Had the balls to fire me.
You kidding?
He almost killed fairbell.
If fairbell's gonna die,
he'll die by my hand.
Look at him.
He's over stimulated.
Mm-hmm.
He's like a dog
at a fireworks show.
Mr. Cooper,
how would you respond
to miss cosgrove's allegations
of dirty campaigning
on your part?
I'm glad you asked.
I know there have been
some hurt feelings
over how our campaigns
were conducted,
so, today,
i fired my campaign manager,
who was not only irresponsible,
but also unattractive.
[ Laughter ]
I'm not unattractive.
I have rugged good looks.
I'm with team Richard
on this one.
You're very Oregon trail
healthy.
It's a hot look.
Go to Portland.
I crush in Portland.
Miss cosgrove, a rebuttal.
I didn't do anything
to you, Richard.
You mean, uh,
other than try and kill me?
[ Audience gasps ]
Yes, you sent me cookies
with nuts in them
when you knew
i was deathly allergic.
Mr. Cooper, are you accusing
miss cosgrove
of attempted murder?
[ Audience gasps ]
He's this bad now,
what's gonna happen
when he's actually elected?
I don't know that there's
anything we can do to stop him.
Yeah, we'll see about that.
What are you doing?
Okay, why... why don't
we all just sing a song?
- Richard's lying.
- What are you doing?
You're barely allergic
to peanuts.
I'll prove it.
- It's a nut storm.
Stop!
- I have rugged good looks!
Stand down, Mr. Payton!
I will not stand down.
Open up, baby bird.
My oath.
[ Gasps ]
Oh!
That's my partner!
Not on my watch, robot shark!
[ Audience gasps ]
Okay, what is going on here?
This is supposed to be
a silly little debate!
It's only silly
if we allow it to be silly!
It can be as silly
as i want it to be!
Rod: It's corrupt!
[ Audience gasps ]
The whole system's collapsing!
It's rotten from the inside!
The organs are failing,
there's blood in the stool.
Abbey: That's a very colorful
description, Mr. knorr,
but I'm not sure that smoot's
political system is failing.
Not the political system,
copper tops...
My system.
I think it's my pancreas.
Oh, i called in sick.
That was a cry for help,
but you [Bleep]
You just weekend at Bernie'd me
all over the school.
I need a doctor.
[ Crash ]
[ Audience gasps ]
Oh.
Oh, yeah, we probably should've
been more on top of that.
Mr. knorr is right.
This whole school
needs a doctor,
because smoot high is sick.
With teachers like these,
it's no wonder we're duped
by dirty Canadians.
It's no wonder
we've only produced
a single government official...
City comptroller Theresa Ortega.
[ Cheers and applause ]
This whole school is a joke,
and i, for one, am tired
of the joke being on us.
If you elect me, i promise
we will tear it all down
and build something
better together!
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ Up-tempo music plays ]
[ Tambourine rattling ]
[ Gasps ]
Heaven is real.
Welcome back, buddy.
We should probably call
an ambulance.
No, he's fine. We've done this
a bunch of times.
Oh, rod... yeah.
Let's just wait
till the song's over.
Peanut?
Sure.
[ Crowd chanting "Richard" ]
[ Crowd chanting "U.S.A." ]
I hope you're all happy.
Richard Cooper
just declared himself
eternal light
and supreme leader.
Well, you wanted him to win.
He won.
Wait, what is...
What is that?
[ Marching band
playing in distance ]
Richard: Halt, brave men
and women of the r.O.T.C.
Too long
have your weapons been used
for spinning
and halftime showmanship.
Where did he get a horse?
- [ Scoffs ]
- I think that's bucky.
Chetwood high's mascot.
[ Chuckles ]
I hate to admit it,
but he's kind of a badass.
Together, we will establish
a new iron order at smoot high!
Onward!
Okay, I'm getting Tammy.
Billy:
Fairbell, here's the scenario.
You're at a ymca swimming pool.
Guy goes by you in the deep end,
nuts come out of his swimsuit.
What do you do?
- Easy.
Grab, like, a pool net,
maybe use my hands.
I don't want to come up for air
and get his nuts in my mouth.
None of this is ringing any
alarm bells for you, is it?
- It's a pretty serious allergy.
- [ Scoffs ]
We're talking about
testicles, fairbell.
Oh.
Uh... Same answer.
See?